Matchismo Notes.md, before:

# Matchismo Notes

## Key slides for final code

Deck            : Lecture 2 Slide 13  
PlayingCard     : Lecture 2 Slide 26  
PlayingCardDeck : Lecture 2 Slide 32  
Card            : Lecture 2 Slide 162  

XCode walkthrough starts at Lecture 2 Slide 35.

### 2012Feb3

Launched XCode from the command line (having looked at the unit test video

In GUI, followed stuff on slides 35-44, except answered yes to both unit tests and to source control.

Adding the model starts on slide 148, started with that.

Added the Card model and committed.

Added the rest of the models, committing after each one.

Now to the beginning part, the UI...


### 2012Feb8

Looking at the commit log and the state of the product, it looks like we left off with a working Homework 0, which is the last thing in the Lecture 2 Slides.

On to Lecture 3…




## Random Notes

Some magic to change the brace style default in XCode:

http://canadian-fury.com/2012/05/16/xcode-4-dot-3-place-all-autocompleted-opening-curly-braces-on-new-lines/

xx

Commit message:

Lecture 3 slides 5 - 43.  Increased to 12 buttons and slight refactor in CardGameViewController.m to match slides.

Matchismo Notes.md, after:

# Matchismo Notes

## Key slides for final code

Deck            : Lecture 2 Slide 13  
PlayingCard     : Lecture 2 Slide 26  
PlayingCardDeck : Lecture 2 Slide 32  
Card            : Lecture 2 Slide 162  

XCode walkthrough starts at Lecture 2 Slide 35.

### 2012Feb3

Launched XCode from the command line (having looked at the unit test video

In GUI, followed stuff on slides 35-44, except answered yes to both unit tests and to source control.

Adding the model starts on slide 148, started with that.

Added the Card model and committed.

Added the rest of the models, committing after each one.

Now to the beginning part, the UI...


### 2012Feb8

Looking at the commit log and the state of the product, it looks like we left off with a working Homework 0, which is the last thing in the Lecture 2 Slides.

Added this file (these notes) to the repository

On to Lecture 3…  Looks like we'll start at slide 5 and just work linearly through the slides doing the stuff.  Once that's done, we'll be on to Assignment 1 as alluded to on slide 129.

Slides 5 - 33 just deal with going from 1 button to 12 of them.

Slides 34 - 43 deal with what was done in HW 0, i.e. making a random deck, not just the ace of clubs.  On slide 34 Paul uses a single line if (no braces).  I think I'll keep the braces, but shrink it to one line too.  Throw a commit in here for good measure.

Slides xxx



## Random Notes

Some magic to change the brace style default in XCode:

http://canadian-fury.com/2012/05/16/xcode-4-dot-3-place-all-autocompleted-opening-curly-braces-on-new-lines/

xx
